Iris Flower Dataset
Iris flower data set used for multi-class classification.

About Dataset Context
The Iris flower data set is a multivariate data set introduced by the British statistician and biologist Ronald Fisher in his 1936 paper The use of multiple measurements in taxonomic problems. It is sometimes called Anderson's Iris data set because Edgar Anderson collected the data to quantify the morphologic variation of Iris flowers of three related species. The data set consists of 50 samples from each of three species of Iris (Iris Setosa, Iris virginica, and Iris versicolor). Four features were measured from each sample: the length and the width of the sepals and petals, in centimeters. The dataset contains a set of 150 records under 5 attributes - Petal Length, Petal Width, Sepal Length, Sepal width and Class(Species).This dataset became a typical test case for many statistical classification techniques in machine learning such as support vector machines. This dataset is widely used for introductory classification tasks.

Implementation Details:

Classify iris flowers using machine learning
Classification of iris flowers is perhaps the best-known example of machine learning. The aim is to classify iris flowers among three species (Setosa, Versicolor, or Virginica) from the sepals' and petals' length and width measurements. Here, we design a model that makes proper classifications for new flowers.
 It involves data preprocessing, model training, and evaluation, showcasing a fundamental classification task.
Find the accuracy of the model and view the confusion matrix. The accuracy score tells us how accurately the model we build will predict and the confusion matrix has a matrix with Actual values and predicted values. For that, import accuracy_score and confusion_matrix from the sci-kit learn metric library.

Classification problem: our goal is to predict the flow 'Species' with given features

Conclusion: 

We took Iris Flowers dataset from kaggle. Studied statistical description of the dataset with pandas. matplotlib and seaborn are used for plotting visualizations of various features and performed a logistic regression algorithm with sklearn to design a model that classifies flowers into their species with accuracy score of 97.37%.